Welcome to a brand new section on my girlfriends.
I'm really excited to present this section to you as this is the most at one section in this course.
We are going to be utilizing all the knowledge that we have got so far in the previous sections and
are going to be applying it to this micro frontend section.
Now what is Micro Frontiers?
We are going to be covering that soon.
So if you look at this image, it might give you an idea that we have multiple containers and from these
containers we are going to be building a single application.
So let's see, what are we going to be covering in this particular section?
So in this section, we are going to be starting off with the basics of my girlfriend, and I'm going
to be assuming that we have no knowledge or not even have heard the concept of micro frontend.
So what is micro functions?
Why do we use it?
How are we going to be using it?
Then we are also going to be seeing some of the advantages and disadvantages of using this particular
technique of developing your frontend applications.
So once you have done that, then we'll see when to be using the micro frontend.
In which case is my in very beneficial and in most cases you should generally be avoiding it.
So these are the very lessons that we are going to be covering.
But going through this lesson is really important to know why we are implementing this concept.
Okay, so once we know and we are satisfied that okay, this is a very good approach, then we are going
to be seeing how to be implementing it.
So there's multiple categories in which I have divided this entire section.
So first of all, we are going to be seeing how to be connecting the different components.
So we are going to be developing a project all together using this micro frontend concept.
We are going to be seeing how to be connecting those different applications.
Then we'll also see how to be navigating between those applications because navigation is going to get
a little bit challenging once you go into the micro frontend approach.
Then we are also going to be seeing these stage management.
Now you're not really aware of what a stage management, do not worry about it.
Now state management is a very common concept if you're using some sort of single page application,
and we're going to be covering state management in this particular section as well.
Okay.
So once that is done, we are also going to be seeing how do we loading one micro frontend into the
other micro frontend.
So this is exactly the power that we are trying to leverage.
And what is the advantages of doing this?
We are going to be seeing shortly.
So once all of that is done, we are also going to be going through the event in concept.
Now even thing is sort of related with this state management.
So we are going to see how it will be publishing events and how to be consuming this events into another
application.
And that's basically how the communication is going to happen between the microphone event.
So this might look very daunting for now.
It might be are overkill and you are not really able to follow along.
So do not really worry about it.
I just given short introduction on this section.
We are going to be going in a lot of depth.
Now please be noted that this is one of the advanced techniques used for developing a website.
And I'm going to be taking it quite slow and going step by step so that you can follow along and really
implemented in your real project.
So with that said, I am really excited to start developing this website using micro frontend.
So let's move forward and see what we are going to be developing.